[Index](./index.md)
# `name_rule` `recursive`

The `calculateNameFromRefString` function is used to generate a string based on the `name_token` elements it contains.
The `prefix` attribute of a `name_token` is a string that is added to the beginning of the generated string.
The `one_of` list is a feature that allows for the selection of one `name_token` from a list.

The `calculateNameFromRefString` function is used to generate a string based on the `name_token` elements it contains.
The `prefix` attribute of a `name_token` is a string that is added to the beginning of the generated string.
The `one_of` list is a feature that allows for the selection of one `name_token` from a list.

During the execution phase when
  - A XML input with a 'name_rule' defined
  - The 'name_rule' contains a 'name_token' with a 'one_of' list
  - A `name_rule` is defined with an entry that contains a `name_token`.
This `name_token` has a `prefix` attribute with the value "[prefix]" and a `one_of` list
that contains another `name_token` with a `prefix` attribute of "[one of]".
  - Inside the second `one_of` list, there is a `name_token` with a `prefix` attribute
  of "[second one of]" and a `ref` element. The `ref` element references another `name_rule`
   entry with the id "name_metadata_ref".
  - The referenced `name_rule` entry "name_metadata_ref" contains a `name_token` with a `prefix`
   attribute of "[ref_prefix]".

Then
  - The function 'calculateNameFromRefString' should correctly interpret the 'name_rule' parameter
  - It should execute the rule and produce the expected output
  - The output should match the expected result, by concatenating the `prefix` of the outer `name_token`
   ("[prefix]"), the `prefix` of the selected `name_token` from the `one_of` list ("[one of]"),
   the `prefix` of the `name_token` in the second `one_of` list ("[second one of]"), and the `prefix`
    of the referenced `name_token` ("[ref_prefix]"). This results in the string
    "[prefix][one of][second one of][ref_prefix]".